Add `wrangler types` customization and improvements (#5042)
cloudflare/workers-sdk: .changeset/curly-masks-raise.md

---
"wrangler": minor
---

feat: add new `path` positional argument to `wrangler types`

> Add the possibility for users to specify the d.ts file they want

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allow users to specify the path to the typings (.d.ts) file they want
```
